my name is Brian desires I work in the
alienware product group focus on laptops
and today we're here to talk to you
about the newly launched alienware m11x
hi I'm Frank Kaiser and this is the m11x
or project phantom as we refer to
internally phantom is actually a project
that we started working on about four
years ago with the goal of giving gamers
the ability to play their games anytime
and anywhere thanks to Dells help and
participation with alien work and the
ability for our technology partners such
as intel and nvidia the cramps so much
horsepower and such a small footprint we
finally been able to bring this product
to market so now i'm going to tell you
why the m11x is the most powerful 11
inch gaming laptop in the universe for
starters that has a one gig nvidia
geforce GT 3 35 mm graphics card what
that's going to enable you to do is run
games like modern warfare 2 like left 4
dead 2 like any game you want to throw
at it at an HD 720p resolution and
maintain 30 frames a second yes 30
frames a second smooth gameplay with
settings on high that's what you're
going to get out of the m11x what brian
is not only a gaming notebook right it's
still got a dual-core cpu and it still
supports up to eight gigabytes of ddr3
memory still put up to a 500 gig 7200
RPM hard drive in there and you can get
six and a half hours of battery life
outside of gaming so it's still a great
notebook for anybody that's looking for
a superior product that's going to give
them almost all day battery life and not
compromise on performance to do so yeah
I think that's a huge point when you're
talking about portability so you're
talking about under four and a half
pounds of weight on the end 11 X and
over six and a half hours of battery
life so I'm you're going to get from New
York to LA on a single charge of battery
and have a little bit left over
absolutely and have some left over and
if you want to start up a little modern
warfare 2 while you're on the plane
you're not going to be able to do that
with any other laptop so as Brian
explained you're getting great
performance but you're also getting the
kick-ass design that you saw on the m17x
and the m15x notebooks for getting the
edge to edge LCD Eddie and FX lighting
throughout the product including the
keyboard which allows you through
command center via where software change
the colors of the lighting to any color
combination you pretty much can think of
great performance great design and
internet connectivity as well the m11x
comes standard with 80 to an 11 and
wireless and we give you the option to
select mobile broadband from carriers
like Verizon or AT&T and connect using
their cellular networks in this product
walk through the m11x we've spoken to
you a lot about performance design a lot
of features this thing is obviously
crazy right but the million-dollar
question is how much is this going to
cost so what we've done is we've
actually bringing you this product
available globally on dell com starting
at seven ninety-nine yet all that
horsepower at seven ninety-nine you're
definitely gonna want to check this out
and it's available 70 countries
worldwide and it's going to be available
in some of your favorite retailers
worldwide as well so look out for that
on dell com and alienware calm